# finfinbot

### Introduction

finfinbot is a chat bot built on the [Hubot][hubot] framework. It was
initially generated by [generator-hubot][generator-hubot], and configured to be
deployed on [Heroku][heroku] to get you up and running as quick as possible.

### Running finfinbot Locally

You can test your hubot by running the following, however some plugins will not
behave as expected unless the [environment variables](#configuration) they rely
upon have been set.

You can start finfin locally by running:

    % bin/hubot

You'll see some start up output and a prompt:

    [Sat Feb 28 2015 12:38:27 GMT+0000 (GMT)] INFO Using default redis on localhost:6379
    finfin>

Then you can interact with finfin by typing `finfin help`.

    finfin> finfin help
    finfin animate me <query> - The same thing as `image me`, except adds [snip]
    finfin help - Displays all of the help commands that finfin knows about.
    ...

### Resolution

finfinbot is a chat bot that can answer some questions. It also has a number guessing game that you can play. Just try it!

### Commands

A simple slackbot which does tasks including:

  - hubot hi/hello/what's up - Greets users.
  - hubot what's your name? - Returns the bot's name.
  - hubot are you free on <day>? - Tells you about the bot's availability.
  - hubot what’s your favourite food? - Tells you about the bot's favourite food.
  - hubot are you Batman? - Reply with the bot's true identity.
  - hubot message <userName> <message> - Sends the message to other users.
  - hubot what should I drink today? - Help you pick a drink.
  - hubot play games? - Play games with the bot. (Work in progress - coming soon)

### Approach taken

The following methods from Hubot framework are used to make finfinbot work:

  - use bot.hear command listens for what members say and get response
  - use bot.respond when someone specifically mentions the Hubot using @
  - res.reply method allows Hubot to reply to a directly to a user with an @ reply
  - res.send method allows Hubot to send a message to the channel
  - use res.random to pick a random drink
  - bot.brain.set to let Hubot to remember previous questions
  - bot.brain.get to get last questions

### Installation and running the bot

**install node package:**

  npm install

**run the bot using the following command:**

  HUBOT_SLACK_TOKEN=TOKEN-GOES-HERE ./bin/hubot --adapter slack

### Unsolved problems

Number guessing game still work in progress.
